pwd Command
	- Tells us where we are currently in the file system.
	
	- Shell also tell us this as:
		user@computer:pwd$
		user@computer:~$
		orion@hecate:~$
	In this user is the username of the user that is logged in followd by @ (at) symbol. Then we
	got the computer name followed by the colon and then we have the pwd (present working
	directory), which is initially the user folder in the home directory represented by the
	tilde (~) symbol.



ls Command
	- It lists out the directory contents of the given directory path (by default it is set to
	the current directory).

	- Examples:
		ls /home/user
		ls ~
		ls
	All above three will give the contents of the user directory. If we are in the user directory
	then we can just use the ls command.
	
		ls -F
	By default, the Directory is shown with blue color to distinguish the difference between a
	directory and file as file is shown with white color. We can use F option i.e., classify,
	to make the Directories being distinguish as a forward slash will proceed them.

		ls -l
	This gives us the detailed information about the directory contents. 
	
	At the starting of the line, we have a 10 characeer long string denoting the property of
	the content. 
		- First character is a 'd' if the content is a directory else '-' if content is a
		file.
		- Then the rest of the 9 characters in the string are a group of three characters
		each. First character in the group denotes the reading permission, Second character
		denotes the writing permission and the Third character denotes the executing
		permission of the file.
		- The First group is for the User, the Second group is for the Group in which the
		user is and the Third group is for everyone else.
	
	After that we got the number of files present in that content. For file it is 1 since it
	does not hold any other content (like - other files or dir.) inside it. For a directory by
	deafult this value is 2 (that are the hiddent contents -> . for same directory and .. for
	the previous directory) and can be increased based on how many files or directory it stores.
	 
	Then we the User name followed by the Group name followed by the how large the file in bytes
	and is followed by the date-time of last edit of the file followed by the file name.
	
		ls -lh
	It is same as of teh above only the added h denotes the human redable language, which changes
	the date of bytes in the size denoting prefixes.

		ls -a
	It is used to show all the files including the hidden ones.
		


cd Command
	- It is used to change the directory to move around in the linux file system.
		cd file_path
	- 'tab compeletion' can be done by typing a part of the file path and then pressing the tab
	button to complete the rest of the file path.

	- If there are multiples files with the common part for their file names, the single tab will
	not work. We can do a double tab to see all the possibilites we have for our file name and
	can then prceed further.



Paths
	- There are two types of path:
		- Absolute path, that starts at the base (/) directory.
		- Relative path, that starts from the current directory.
